Tormenting Telemarketers



Tormenting Telmarketers: A Game You Can Play at Home!

Everyone has gotten a call from a Telemarketer. The new Scourge of the
Telephone System. Previously when the phone rang, you always wondered if it was
someone you knew, or another schmuck with something to sell. Well, the time has
come to turn the tables. We need to take control of our own phones. We need to
take the ``market'' out of Telemarketing. 

Premise: 
   Telemarketers take the brute force approach to making sales. If you talk to a
   whole bunch of people, someone will buy what you are selling.

Counter-Tactic: 
   Waste as much of their time as you can. For each minute that you waste means
   several potential customers that will not be reached. Make Telemarketing
   unprofitable. Hanging up only increases the changes for them to make a sale.
   Don't let this happen!

Hints: 
   Most of the preliminary stuff is done by someone making minimum wage, and
   reads a script. Let them finish. It's easy points, and you were watching Star Trek
   and weren't using your phone anyway. It's easy to keep them interested using
   ``attentive grunting'', similar to when your mother calls.

Scoring: 

   Basic Point System: 

       For each minute spent on the phone               10 pts.
       Getting transfered to someone who makes
           more than minimum wage                       15 pts
       For each minute spent on the phone with
           person making more than minimum wage         25 pts

   Bonus Points: 

       Getting them to repeat part of the "script"       5 pts/each
       Getting answers to stupid questions              15 pts/each
       Changing the subject                             50 pts/each
       Making the sales person angry                   175 pts
       Making the sales person use profanity           750 pts
       Get their boss on the phone, and tell them
           the salesman used profanity                1500 pts
       Getting their 1-800- number                      10 pts
       Posting their 1-800- number to alt.sex as
           a free "Phone Sex" line                      50 pts
       Checking the number a week later and it is
           busy or disconnected                       5000 pts

Example: 

   <Ring>
   Me:     Yes?
   Them:   Hi, I'm with Fly-By-Night Carpet Cleaning
           and we're in your area [...] [start clock->]
   Them:   [...] would like to know it you are interested?
   Me:     Sure...
   Them:   Well, we are currently offering [...]
   Them:   [...] depending on the size of the rooms.
   Me:     Well, how much for the whole house?
   Them:   Let me transfer you to <???> [15 bonus pts!]
   Them:   Sir?
   Me:     Yes?
   Them:   How large is your house? [25 pts/min!]
   Me:     Oh, about 2,000 sqft.
   Them:   [...] Well, that would be about $xxx
   Me:     It won't hurt the floor, will it? [stupid ?]
   Them:   Oh, no! We use a [...this usually takes some time!...]
           and is completely safe.
   Me:     Even with my pets? [stupid ?]
   Them:   Oh, yes. The chemicals we use [...]
   Me:     Do you have to pre-treat, since I have pets?
   Them:   Yes, and we do that with [...] [repeat!]
   Me:     But the original offer was for $39.95, does that
           include treating for pets?
   Them:   [...]
   Me:     Well, it is kindof dirty.  The guys were over for
           the game.  Did you see the Cowboys vs. the Rams? 
           [subject change]
   Them:   Yes.
   Me:     What a game!  That last touchdown pass!  Wasn't that
           a great play?   
   Them:   Well, back to your house...
   Me:     Oh yes, what about moving the furniture?
   Them:   [...]
   Me:     Do you clean furniture, too?  Those guys spilled some
           beer.  Have you smelled old beer on furniture before?
           But what a game, eh?!  I couldn't believe that they
           couldn't move the ball in the second quarter...
           [...] [subject change]
   Them:   Ahem... Would you like us to come out? [angry???]
   Me:     Well, when could you come out?
   Them:   How about next week?
   Me:     Hmmm...  Morning or afternoon?
   Them:   Either would be fine.
   Me:     Do you have anything the week after?
   Them:   Sure, can I put you down for Tuesday?

   [Okay, let's try for those last big bonus points:]

   Me:     Well, I don't think it matters, since I have all
           hardwood floors here!
   Them:   Dammit! <Yes! 250 points!>
           <click>



Subject: More games to play with telemarketers
From: arch@jmuarch.cs.jmu.edu (arch harris)
Date: Sun, 30 May 93 4:30:02 EDT 

Some additional ``games'' one can play with telemarketers: 

 1. If you recognize they are telemarketers before you have spoken, pretend you
are an answering machine with a message along these lines. ``Thank you for
calling CMTCC, Citizens for Making Telemarketing a Capital Crime. We now have
the support of about 25% of the legislature. Soon we will be able to execute
those worthless, money grubbing dregs, making the earth a better place to live.
Please send your tax deductible contribution to...''

 2. See how many times you can put them on hold. First make sure you get the
name of the person you are talking to, because sooner or later they will hang
up. Then if they call you again, you can express your righteous indignation at
being hung up on, and let them know you were going to buy/contribute, but given
the rudeness of ... you have decided not to. They key to this one is make the
time they have to hold fairly short. After 30 seconds or so tell them you have
to turn down the stove and put them on hold for 45 secs. On returning, ask them
to start their pitch again.  Every time you return have them restart their
pitch. Some good excuses for putting them on hold for a short while: the kids
are fighting, the pet needs to go in/out, the baby is into ?, someone is at the
door, you have a call on another line, ...

 3. If you have an answering machine, turn it on so they can here you are
recording the call. Make sure you get the person's name, and the company's name
and address. Then inform them something like this. ``Under state law I am
hereby notifying you that you (you as an individual and the company) are
prohibited from calling this number (xxx-xxxx) to solicit ever again. If you or
the company calls again, you personally and the company will be liable for
penalties up to $10,000.  Is this clear?'' Just something to hopefully make
them nervous. (Actually Virginia came pretty close to passing a law like this.
Unfortunately, the telemarketing lobby bribed our legislature into killing the
bill. Maybe next year...)

 4. After they have gone through their entire sales pitch, tell them how
interested you are. But first, you want to talk to them about ... Then launch
into a pitch for them to contribute to some charity that sounds quasi-legit but
is really just for your personal benefit. If they do not contribute, then hang
up in righteous indignation that they are such uncaring human beings. If they
will, give then a address to send the contribution to, thank them, and hang up
before they have a chance to change the subject back to what they called you
about.

 5. After they have given their entire sales pitch, say you are interested but
first you need the telemarketer's personal home phone number. When they ask
why tell them that they have your personal home number so before you complete
the deal, you want to be on even ground with them and you need their number. If
they don't give it to you, yup, you guessed it, hangup in righteous
indignation. If they do, say you will call back to order/contribute. Then do so
at some reasonable hour, in case they have given you a phony number. But if it
is a correct number, post it on the net. Not so anyone would harrass this
person, ;) but so all of us would have the opportunity to contact this person
about whatever it is that is being telemarketed.  And since so many of us are
night owls, we will be calling at a time convenient to us, like 4 am. ;)
